Hey, don't, don't, don't, Master July
We are family with Beiquan, ah no no
We're all family. We're all family.
You also deserve
I just kept saying that I was with Chen Meijuan
It doesn't matter.
We are Chen Meijuan's apprentices
You are a family thief who can't understand it?
No, no!
Oops, I'm clamping.
You hit people again
Please help me
I was wrong.
master
It's not that easy to get your life back
How much are the elders willing to pay?
I don't know anything.
Well, to celebrate the position of the head of the family
I have $30 million here
Send all
Not enough.
Isn't that enough?
Then I can put uh
All shares in Star Entertainment are transferred to you
Not enough, not enough?
Hey, we also have a No. 3 five-star hotel.
It's not enough for you.
Isn't that enough?
If you are not satisfied
My wife and I have a niece
He is the beauty of the Zhou family.
I'll give him to you, okay?
Nonsense
What do you take me for?
Just these years
You insect-eating city assets
I want you to give it all back to Chen Weixiong
Do you understand?